None of that noise.

Breaking it down in to objects based off of what I have. using language that is people language.

An instance of combat (CombatInstance) has in it many combattants (Combattants)
Combattants can be on either heroes or villains side. - tracked by two lists in the CombatInstance object.

combat can be ran (CombatInstance.run()). At the start of the instance, all combattants roll for initiative
(CombatInstance.roll_for_initiatives())

combattants can be surprised. IF they are, their turn is used clearning the condition.

CombatInstances also have a (Grid). The Grid represents


Somehow the is_down function along with the death saves is fucking up the combat.







Keep Character sheet up in second monitor. Design based off of existing encapsulation.

We should have all the components we need for some very basic things.

Let's go ahead and try testing some of the classes. Start with health pool, then move to armor, weapon,
damage, and equipment_manager. Finally tie it all in together with character_sheet.py



Equipment manager - instead of doing offhand, on hand - as those aren't weapon properties they are attack properties,
we can do a equipment has hand_cost and then sum the hand_cost. If heavy or two_handed, hands_required = 2.

Then when we returned the equipped weapon, it's just an array of either length 2 or 1.

Honestly I just wanted to make the skeletons and the dragon army soldiers fight it out so that I could prove that my
lovely little skeeton bois would be able to take the dragon army soldiers. And they couldn't.

What started as a one day hack project to answer a simple question balooned beyond my own expectations, driven by
infinite scope creep, thinking so sky blue that babies wouldn't be able to see it because their cones aren't developed
enough. Stuck in grayge hell with all teh pastel parents.

What are we actually trying to accomplish?

I think in all the sthinking about HOW to do stuff, how to scale stuff, how to structure stuff, I lost the thread on
WHAT I was trying to do. - requirements doc vs

For now, let's leave it at martials only, have one weapon, fight. charactersheets are used to roll damage, and have ac.
If ac override is present, it just does it.

Using charactersheet model, make a fight.

then we can... what? what exactly? Add a movement system?

Combats have a grid. combattants can move around the grid.
Grids have terrain, normal rough impassable